Hey and they're leaving Jaya Jaya so
what do you think in my opinion this is
an ax some people might say it's wrong
for a man to love a wax replica of
himself they're wrong easy so forest cut
it uh also not it nobody asks used to I
know and I'm comfortable with that
um um dude you could totally use my boat
for your hunt it's got a steering wheel
chairs normal bone stuff think what's
the number-one problem with most monster
hunts your side character you die in the
first five minutes of the movie due to
my side character think about stuff like
don't check it out
but island
oh I still got one left
Cory dude yeah dude I guess the real
like monster is you too ha ha
sorry I just like boom just popped into
my head downtown yeah except for like a
futuristic laser arm cannon yeah hey you
haven't seen my red screwdriver have you
darn thing went missing there was some
magical creature or paranormal thing I'm
took it
hey you been spending too much time with
those kids eating a zombie or am I just
going nuts it's a dilemma to be sure I
couldn't help but overhear your talking
aloud to yourself in this empty room
soos you've seen Mabel's boyfriend he's
got to be a zombie right hmm how many
brains did you see the guy eat zero look
dude I believe you I'm always noticing
weird stuff in this town
like the mailman pretty sure that dudes
a werewolf but you gotta have evidence
otherwise people are gonna think you're
a major-league cuckoo clock as always
soos you're right my wisdom is both the
blessing and the curse soos the portable
toilets are clogged again I am needed
elsewhere
monkey my goats you'll never guess what
I found
buried treasure I was gonna say that so
I was cleaning up when I found the
secret door hidden behind the wallpaper
it's crazy bonkers creepy permission to
taste some granted permission Co granted
permission associate Co granted oh dude
I don't know what I expected that to
taste mean I dude you're ready to blow
up these hot dogs in the microwave one
by one am I
Shawn it's me soos this is for the
zombies Thanks and this is in case you
see a pinata uh thanks
hey I wonder what the new name will be
for the power couple
Mae barian Gary Abel Oh make it belly on
oh yeah work it work it
nice nice give another one of those yeah
I like that one